Add experimental features section with GSIM (#119)
akeranen/the-one: index.md

Older versions of the ONE are available from the [old ONE homepage](https://www.netlab.tkk.fi/tutkimus/dtn/theone/).

### Experimental features

* [GPU-accelerated mobility simulation](https://github.com/akeranen/the-one/tree/gsim)

>   * See the [gsim folder README](https://github.com/Crydsch/the-one/blob/gsim/gsim/README.md) for details 

Author: ```suggestion
  * See the [gsim folder](https://github.com/akeranen/the-one/tree/gsim/gsim) for details 

```
